Replicated SDK 1.0.0-beta.27 release notes (#2624)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/release-notes/rn-replicated-sdk.md

# Replicated SDK Release Notes

## 1.0.0-beta.27

Released on Augusrt 16, 2024

### Bug Fixes {#bug-fixes-1-0-0-beta-27}

> * Fixes an issue that caused Embedded Cluster distributions to not be reported.

Reviewer: I think it actually reported k0s for Embedded Cluster instead of Embedded Cluster
```suggestion
* Fixes an issue that caused k0s to be reported as the distribution for Embedded Clusters.
```

Reviewer: @paigecalvert let me know if this wording looks right

Author: That's not what this change looks like: https://github.com/replicatedhq/replicated-sdk/pull/200/files

Reviewer: It would have triggered this part before: https://github.com/replicatedhq/replicated-sdk/pull/200/files#diff-b5b9a2b4ce4949c13866802fef53de8a62df4914a0622998ff3ad874e5205d12R102-R103
